Fix inconsistent axis title standoff when title is one text line vs. multiple lines (#6970)
plotly/plotly.js: draftlogs/6970_fix.md

> - Fix inconsistent axis title standoff when title is one text line vs. multiple lines [[#6970](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/6970)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix positioning of multi-line axis titles with `standoff` [[#6970](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/6970)],
   with thanks to @my-tien for the contribution!
```
